Update people/README.md (#791)
mattermost/mattermost-handbook: operations/workplace/people/README.md

### BambooHR

> BambooHR is our Human Resources Information System (HRIS). Bamboo is a single source of truth for Staff Information, and data updates are spported by the following directly responsible individuals [DRIs](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#dri): 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BambooHR is our Human Resources Information System (HRIS). BambooHR is a single source of truth for staff information, and data updates are supported by the following [directly responsible individuals](https://handbook.mattermost.com/company/about-mattermost/list-of-terms#dri):
```
